Simplified packages (#20)
StyleShit/elementor: packages/README.md

# Elementor packages

### Open issues

> - [ ] Each package should be declared in `editor-loader.php` file

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Each package should be declared in `config-provider.php` file
```
